Dear [Agent],

I am seeking representation for my 75,000-word YA horror novel, ALL FOR GLORY. It combines the small-town ghosts and summer friendships of Ginny Meyers Sain's Dark and Shallow Lies and the haunted lake of Sarah Glenn Marsh's The Girls Are Never Gone.

A year after her older sister's accidental drowning, sixteen-year-old Iris Garren returns to her family's cabin in Bad Creek, Michigan. She's trying to stay positive, but it's hardly a vacation without Glory. Not even her summer boys, Aidan and Gum, can cheer her up. All their childhood traditions--mini-golf, bike rides, and drive-in movies--feel empty without their leader.

When Iris sleepwalks to an abandoned house near the lake, she believes it's a sign from her sister. Glory had drawn the same house in her journal, along with dozens of sketches that look eerily similar to their rich kid nemesis, Hudson Clavey. Iris can't shake the feeling that her sister's death wasn't an accident, and now Glory's spirit is trying to guide her to the truth.

Before her family leaves at the end of the week, Iris is determined to find out what really happened last summer. But her best friends are keeping secrets. Aidan might remember more about the night of his ex-girlfriend's death than he's willing to admit and Gum hasn't been honest about the "ghosts" he's been seeing either. The only one who doesn't seem to be lying is their number one suspect: the insufferable frat-boy-in-training, Hudson Clavey. As Iris continues to wake up closer and closer to the water's edge, she starts to doubt if it's Glory guiding her to answers, or something more sinister. She finds it harder to trust the people and the town she thought she knew so well, especially when she learns Glory wasn't the first girl in Bad Creek to drown.

And she won't be the last.

ALL FOR GLORY is a standalone novel inspired by my family's summers in Northern Michigan. Five generations have rented the same cabin every year, but no one has been able to prove it's haunted (yet). As a queer author, it was important for me to write about queer teens who challenge nostalgia and tradition. In 2023, I won the Write Team Mentorship contest and worked on revising this manuscript with my mentors.

Thank you for your consideration,

Peyton June Leatherman

(she, her, hers)
