Eighteen-year-old Taryn knows how to survive: don't get involved. It's a lesson she learned all too well when she left everyone and everything behind four summers ago after her best friend Stella died by suicide. But now her dad's moving out of the country, and Taryn has nowhere to go but back home to the Jersey Shore to face not only her distant mother, but everyone else she left behind.

That includes Adam, the boy she used to love more than anything. When Taryn starts waiting tables at a seaside restaurant, there he is, working alongside her--and suddenly it's not so easy to stick to her rule. Being around Adam brings back memories of the summer she left, the good and the bad, the bonds she and her friends built and the secrets they kept. And soon the guilt Taryn's carried for the last four years is all she can think about. Because Taryn is the only one who knows why Stella would have killed herself, and she's never told anybody.

But one of Taryn's new coworkers is hiding secrets of his own. And the more time Taryn spends with both the new and old people in her life, the more her memories of that summer shift, until she starts questioning whether Stella really died the way everyone believes she did. Unraveling the truth means confessing old sins and diving back into relationships she's tried hard to forget--but if Taryn can't face her past, then just like Stella herself, the truth of Stella's death and what really happened four years ago will be lost to the sea.

WHERE THE WATER MEETS THE SKY is a contemporary YA complete at 85,000 words. The strong group friendship dynamics and shifting timeline will appeal to fans of Melina Marchetta's On the Jellicoe Road and the themes of learning to live again after tragedy to readers of Katja Millay's The Sea of Tranquility.

When I'm not working as a social media director or pondering the angst of the fictional people in my stories, I can be found reading up a storm, baking galettes while listening to French music, and spending time with my own friends and family, whom I could never leave behind for anything. This is my first novel.
