Dear Rachel,

What's Rosie to do when she catches her best friend in cahoots with her arch nemesis, causes a scene at her sister's baby shower, and complicates her love life?

Turn to her dead aunt for advice, of course.

In Dear Dotty, Rosie struggles to fit in with her over-accomplished family, type-A roommate, and workaholic boss. But she keeps trying, despite nearly losing herself as she strives to become someone else's idea of perfect. When Rosie is abruptly fired from her job at a tree-themed tech start-up (in part because she regularly steals all the good snacks from the community pantry), the illusion that she has life figured out is shattered. Knowing she needs a push, her great aunt Dotty--a globetrotting, martini-swilling free spirit, and the only person Rosie has ever truly felt herself around--challenges her to pursue a long-buried dream, savings account be damned.

But then Dotty dies. And Rosie spirals.

As never-before-heard details of Dotty's past emerge through a series of revelatory emails, Rosie realizes that maybe Dotty's life wasn't as charmed as she once thought. Desperate to forge her own path, Rosie rejects Dotty's ready-made plan for happiness. She decides to play it safe--again--only to learn that even conventional choices have consequences. With her career, friendships, and family unraveling, Rosie must set aside her grief and look to Dotty for guidance one last time.

At 83,000 words, Dear Dotty is Maybe in Another Life meets Confessions of a Shopaholic meets The Star-Crossed Sisters of Tuscany (in terms of content and audience--I know these authors have very wide readerships!). This story will appeal to readers who love millennial/women's fiction that features quasi-functional families, strong female friendships, and a determined yet sometimes misguided narrator with a plucky sense of humor. I know you're looking for manuscripts that explore the struggles of twenty-something life, so I hope Rosie's woes hit the mark for you!

I recently completed the Stanford Continuing Studies novel writing program, am an active member of the Women's Fiction Writers Association and the NorCal Writers' Retreat community, and regularly participate in writing groups and workshops. My short story, A Runaway Tale was selected for the Character Award by Story Shares in 2018. I also write about career topics for The Muse and have been featured on FastCompany, Forbes, and Business Insider. I'm the proud dog mom of a mutt named Indy, who graciously agreed to serve as the inspiration for Dotty's dog, Bug.

Thank you for your consideration. The full manuscript is available upon request. I look forward to hearing from you!

Warmly,
Jaclyn Westlake
